Shunt compensator modifications + CT (#107)
farao-community/farao-community.github.io: pages/docs/input-data/crac/json/range-actions.md

🔴 **ranges**: list of 1 to N Range  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🔴 **min**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🔴 **max**  
⚪ **onInstant usage rules**: list of 0 to N OnInstant usage rules (see paragraph on usage rules)  
⚪ **onContingencyState usage rules**: list of 0 to N OnContingencyState usage rules (see paragraph on usage rules)  
⚪ **onFlowConstraint usage rules**: list of 0 to N OnFlowConstraint usage rules (see paragraph on usage rules)  
{% endcapture %}
{% include /tabs.html id="t11" tab1name="JAVA creation API" tab1content=t11_java tab2name="JSON file" tab2content=t11_json tab3name="Object fields" tab3content=t11_objects %}

### Counter-Trade Range Action {#counter-trade-range-action}

A CounterTradeRangeAction is an exchange between two countries. The exporting country send power to the importing
country.

> It is a costly remedial action which is handled differently by the RAO through a dichotomy engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a costly remedial action which is currently not handled by the RAO.
```
